Want to buy health insurance but are
confused about which plan will be best
for 2025?  Do you know about a
health insurance plan that offers reset
benefit, unlimited sum insured option and
even pregnancy expenses?
Hello everyone, I am Soni Chauhan and
welcome to Policy Hub.  Where we make health
insurance simple and stress free.
If you are new to our channel and have
not subscribed to the channel, then do it now
so that you do
not miss important videos related to health insurance.  And
if you have any confusion regarding health insurance or term
insurance, you
can book a free consultation.  Link to our
IRDI certified experts is
given in the description.  In today's
video, we will do a complete review of ICICI Low LMB Elevate Health
Insurance Plan,
which is counted among the best health insurance plans
in 2025 today.  In this ICICI Elevate
review, we will look at the plan's
eligibility criteria, unique
benefits, basic features, add-ons,
discounts and waiting periods.  If you are
looking for a complete package in your health insurance, then this video is going to be
very important for you.
Stay with the video till the end.  Let's start
with the eligibility criteria.  Whereas
in ICIC Low LMB Elevate Plan, Adult Entry
Age 18 Years to Maximum No Age Limit
Dependent Child 91 Days to 30 Years and
Sum Insured Option 5 Lakh to Unlimited Sum
Insured and the plan is divided into four zones.
Now let's talk
about the unique benefits of the plan that make ICICI
Elevate Health Plan
different from other health insurance plans.  The most important
feature is the reset benefit where you can
claim the base sum insured any number of times in a year.  Be it a
related disease or an
unrelated disease.  The second is Guaranteed
Cumulative Bonus where a maximum bonus of up to 100%
is available in a claim free year.  And the
most important thing is that this bonus is
not reduced on making a claim.  It gets fixed for life time.
And a rare benefit is in-
patient treatment for oocyte donors and
surrogate mothers, the expenses of which are covered by the company.
Which you will
not get in other health insurance plans.  Additionally,
you can also avail renewal discount of up to 30% through the wellness program.
Talking about the base cover of ICIC Elevate Health Insurance, there is no limitation on room rent for single
private AC room and ICU charges.  The
plan covers day
care treatment, domestic, organ donor
and AYUSH treatment up to the sum
insured.  In this plan, pre-
hospitalization 90 days and post-
hospitalization 180 days are covered.  And
in case of emergency, you
can avail the facility of road ambulance whose actual cost is
covered by the company.  Let us now talk
about the add-ons of the plan which make this
plan even more comprehensive and powerful.
In which the first is Power Booster
where every year your sum and shot will be boosted by 100%.
Which has no maximum limit.
Jump Start where you can cover pre-existing
conditions after just 30 days.
Maternity benefit where
pregnancy expenses are covered.
BeFit benefit where OPD expenses like
consultation, diagnostic and medicine
etc. are covered
on cashless basis.  You can also select add-ons like Inflation
Protector, Infinite Care, Compassionate
Visit, Critical Illness, Nursing at Home,
Dependent Accommodation and Personal Accident.  The
company
also offers you long term discounts and civil discounts along with unique benefits and exclusive add ons.
Talking about the waiting period, the initial waiting period is 30 days, for
specific diseases 2 years, for maternity
2 years and for pre-existing diseases
3 years.  So friends,
this was the complete ICICI Elevate Health
Insurance review, a plan that
gives you protection from base cover to advanced level.  Which
add-on do you think will be most useful, Infinite Care or
Power Booster?  Please do tell us in the comment section.
If you are looking to take a fresh policy
or port your existing policy
,
book a free consultation now with
IRDI certified experts at Policy Hub for better guidance.  The
link is given in the description.  If
you like this video then like the video.
Share it with family and friends
and if you are new to the channel and have
not subscribed to it yet, do so now so
that you do not miss the latest videos.  See you
in the next video.  Till then stay safe,
stay insured.